day 1:
  - 2 hours
  - started project and began using bootstrap to quickly mock up
    how I wanted my bar graph to look like. I'm not sure if I'll 
    continue using bootstrap in my code as i realize I won't need it
    since I can probably do without it for now.
  - My biggest struggle today was trying to figure out how to get 
    my coloumns to grow from the bottom to the top. Right now it seems
    like the default is for the div to grow from the top to the bottom.
    I researched the problem and the solution seems to be to include in
    the CSS vertical-align: bottom, but i think Bootstrap is overriding 
    this even though my css file is loaded after the bootstrap CDN. This
    is why i'll most likely remove bootstrap from this project.

day2:
  - 3 hours
  - I found out that flexbox is a baked in property in CSS so I decided
    to get rid of Bootstrap since that was the primary reason why I wanted 
    to use it. Then i spent my time refactoring my code to make a mock-up
    of how i want my bargraphs to be displayed. It looks ugly I know ...
    but for now it's all about function and styling can come later. I hope
    this doesn't come back to haunt me.
  - Today's biggest struggle would be design. I kept on trying to get my code
    to look like how i sketched out my design on paper. It's sort of getting
    there. Also I wanted to add ticks to my y-axis by using border-bottom, but
    that adds to the height and increases the size the chart making the ticks
    no longer at the same level of the bars.

day3:
  - 3 hours
  - I have found a better solution for completing this project. While doing research
    for how to use flexbox i came across the grid system. After watching some videos
    by Wes Bos on youtube and completing a CSS grid game online i felt confident enough
    to use this system in constructing a bargraph. I went ahead and created a template,
    that i will use as a basis of how i want the UI to look like.
  - Honestly the grid system made sense to me pretty quickly, so no struggles today.